Grandma is here.
Grandma, don't thank me.
This is what I should do.
You cute picked it up.
I just left the tea shop.
You go by yourself.
Thank you very much.
Slow down, everyone is looking over here.
Our demonic sect has now reformed and become charitable.
Doing good deeds does not leave a name.
Look at that old lady.
Don't ask my name.
So everyone stop talking about color changing ghosts.
Now our demonic sect wants to widely recruit disciples.
Hope everyone enthusiastically register
Help more people who need help to join our magic sect
With a kind heart ha ha
I'm in.
Very good.
But our demonic sect is not something that anyone can join if they want.
Still need some testing.
Experiment I am not afraid
If anyone doesn't let me join the Demonic Cult, I'll worry about them.
I like you because you have energy.
So tell me what the test is.
It is the wheelchair of our magical sect.
Sold 100 pieces.
Not much, 100 is fine.
Where to find 100 wheelchair users?
So I have a problem you tell me.
Do I have any remuneration?